Document AI agent activation in message attachments (#1505)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/reference/message-attachments/_index.md

{"text":"Test message #testing", "attachments": [{"pretext": "This is the attachment pretext.","text": "This is the attachment text."}]}
```

> ## Trigger AI agent responses

Reviewer: Can we move the section up, before the FAQ?

Author: yup, moved it up.

> To have Mattermost AI agents respond to a post created by an integration, set the `activate_ai` property to `"true"` in the post's `props` field. 

Reviewer: Suggestion, as this doesn't apply to incoming webhooks

```suggestion
To have Mattermost AI agents respond to a post created by a bot or plugin integration, set the `activate_ai` property to `"true"` in the post's `props` field. 
```

Author: good catch, I didn't know this didn't apply to webhooks!

```json
    "props": {
        "activate_ai": "true"

>     }

Reviewer: Could we include the whole post json, including `activate_ai` instead of only the `props` field part?

Author: @esarafianou sure, something like this?

```suggestion
```json
    {
        "channel_id": "qmd5oqtwoibz8cuzxzg5ekshgr",
        "message": "Summarize the latest deployment status.",
        "props": {
            "activate_ai": "true"
        }
    }
```

Reviewer: Yes that works.
